---
기술지원명: Move a project
카테고리: 관리
작성자: Figma
승인자: suadee
출처: Move a project
출처링크: https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/12729516837271-Move-a-project
게시일: 2026-07-22
검토일: 2026-07-22
---

## 내용

Who can use this feature

Supported on [any plan](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273).

You might also be looking for how to [transfer a project to another company →](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/10250387712407)

Projects in Figma are organized within teams. Each team has its own members and permissions, so moving a project from one team to another may change who has access to it.

The project keeps its existing access and permission settings when it’s moved. For access, this means:

- If access is set to **Only those invited**, only people explicitly invited to the project will have access after it’s moved.
- **Organization and Enterprise plans**: If access is set to **Anyone in [organization name]**, all organization members retain the same level of access.
- **Enterprise only**: If access is set to **Anyone in [workspace name],** all members of the destination workspace will have access. If the project is moved to a team that isn’t assigned to a workspace, access is reduced to **Only those invited.**

**Note:** Before you can move a project to a different team, you need to:

- Join both teams
- Have `can edit` permissions in both teams

You can check your access by navigating to each team and clicking the  **Members** icon. Next to your name, you should see `can view` or `can edit`.

## Move a project

1. From the [file browser](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/14381406380183), navigate into the project you’d like to move.
2. Click the  **dropdown menu** next to the project name and select **Move...**
3. Choose a new team for the project.

**Tip**: While browsing a team, you can also right-click on a project and select **Move project** from the menu that appears.

**Caution**: If the **Move...** or **Move project** menu items are unavailable, it may be because the project has view-only or invite-only permissions. You can check the permissions of your project by clicking the **Share** button on the project page.

A team admin or the project owner can change the project to have less restricted permissions, which will enable the menu options to move the project.
