---
기술지원명: Figma and Zoom
카테고리: 관리
작성자: Figma
승인자: (승인 대기)
출처: Figma and Zoom
출처링크: https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/17720082601751-Figma-and-Zoom
게시일: (승인 대기)
검토일: (승인 대기)
---

## 내용

Before you Start

Who can use this feature

Available on [all plans](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273)

Anyone with `can view` access can collaborate on Figma Design and FigJam files via the Zoom app, unless they join an [open session in FigJam](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410786053911-Invite-visitors-to-an-open-session).

Anyone with `can view` access to a file can add and view Figma Design and FigJam comments via the Zoom app.

You can use the Figma for Zoom app to present Figma Design files, prototypes, or FigJam boards, and collaborate without leaving Zoom. Spend more time driving the project forward and getting feedback in real time, instead of worrying about switching windows or missing comments.

- **FigJam boards:** Collaborate and access the functionality of FigJam boards. For those with edit access, you can explore, create, and edit FigJam boards as you normally would.
- **Figma Design files:** Present and collaborate on Figma Design files and prototypes without using screen-sharing. Figma Design files and prototypes are view-only in Zoom, even for people who have edit access to the file.

## Install the Figma app in Zoom

You’ll need to install the Figma app in the [Zoom desktop app](https://zoom.us/download) to share files or collaborate. If you choose not to install the app or attend a meeting through mobile or web, you’ll be able to view a screen-share of the file, but won’t have access to Zoom’s [collaboration features](https://blog.zoom.us/zoom-apps-collaborate-breakout-rooms/).

1. [Install the Figma app from Zoom’s marketplace →](https://marketplace.zoom.us/apps/uD_G75csQlOKq3uGCfmu1g)
2. Click **Allow** to authorize Zoom to connect to your Figma account.

**Note:** Some companies require admin approval before using Zoom applications. If your organization admin has not pre-approved the app, you will need to contact them to continue with the installation.

**Tip:** If you want to try out the app before joining a meeting, you can also [access the Figma app outside of a meeting or webinar](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061554732-Getting-started-with-Zoom-Apps-#h_01GKAME9DR3Q2YF2GQV3RPFEHF) from the Apps tab in the Zoom desktop client.

[Learn more about using apps in Zoom →](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/360061554732-Getting-started-with-Zoom-Apps-)

## Share an existing file or prototype

1. While in a meeting, click **Apps** in the control toolbar.
2. Under **My Apps**, select Figma.
3. If this is your first time using the app, select **Sign in to open a file**.
4. Click **Connect to Figma** to log in to your Figma account.
5. Search or select a file to open and click **Share selected file.** You can also paste a file URL into the search bar.
6. Click **Allow**to start collaborate mode.
7. Click **Stop** to end the collaboration session.

A new collaboration activity will start within Zoom. Meeting participants can choose whether to join the file or watch a screen-share. To collaborate on the file, participants will need to have the Figma app installed. For participants who can’t join the file for any reason, Zoom will show a screen-share view of the person who shared the file.

**Note:** To allow others to see or collaborate on a file, you may need to adjust the [file's sharing and permissions.](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040531773-Share-files-and-prototypes)

### Switch to a different file

You can switch to a different Figma Design or FigJam file without leaving a collaboration session. To open a different file:

1. Click  through the collaboration activity in Zoom.
2. Select **Back to files** to return to the file browser.
3. Select a new file and click **Share selected file.**
4. Click **Open** to open the file for all collaboration participants.

## Create a FigJam board

Select this option to create a new FigJam file so teammates can brainstorm and collaborate together, even if they don't have a Figma account.

1. While in a meeting or webinar, click **Apps** in the control toolbar.
2. Under **My Apps**, select **Figma**.
3. If this is your first time using the app, select **Sign in to open a file**.
4. Click **Create FigJam file.**
5. Name your file. You can also choose to start an [open session](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/4410786053911-Invite-visitors-to-an-open-session) to allow anyone to edit the board, even if they don’t have a Figma account.
6. Click **Create FigJam file**.

A new collaboration activity will start within Zoom. Meeting participants can choose whether to join the file or watch a screen-share. To collaborate on the file, participants will need to have the Figma app installed. For participants who can’t join the file for any reason, Zoom will show a screen-share view of the person who shared the file.
