---
기술지원명: Use spell check
카테고리: 관리
작성자: Figma
승인자: (승인 대기)
출처: Use spell check
출처링크: https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/27323589692055-Use-spell-check
게시일: (승인 대기)
검토일: (승인 대기)
---

## 내용

Who can use this feature

Available on [any team or organization plan](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273-Choose-a-Figma-Plan).

Spell check is available in Figma Design, FigJam, and Figma Slides.

Anyone with can edit access to a file can use spell check and edit layers.

Spell check helps you review and correct spelling errors. Spell check identifies errors with a red squiggly line while you are in text edit mode and only for the text layer you currently have active.

- Right-click on a misspelled word to view a list of suggested spellings.
- Click on a misspelled word and press `Tab` to automatically insert the first suggested spelling.

## Supported languages

If you're using the **Figma desktop app**, spell check is available is any language supported by your operating system.

If you're using **Figma in the browser**, spell check is available in English (US, CA, UK) and Russian by default. To access spell check for any other language supported by your operating system, you can install the [Figma font installer](https://www.figma.com/downloads/). This allows Figma to detect your system’s preferred language and use this for spell check.

If you're on a Windows device and don't see the language you want to use, you may need to install a [language pack (Microsoft Support)](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/language-packs-for-windows-a5094319-a92d-18de-5b53-1cfc697cfca8).

To change your preferred spell check language:

1. Click on the  menu.
2. Go to **Text** > **Spell check**.
3. Select from the list of available languages.

## Enable or disable spell check

Spell check is enabled by default for most people. Spell check is only disabled if your browser’s preferred language is something other than English or Russian, and you don't have the [Figma font installer](https://www.figma.com/downloads/) installed.

Since the Figma web app cannot pull in the additional languages supported on your operating system without the Figma font installer, spell check is disabled to prevent it from flagging all text in a file as incorrect.

1. Click on the  menu.
2. Go to **Text** > **Spell check**.
3. Click **Check spelling** to enable or disable spell check.

Caution: Spell check preferences set in the web app are not applied to the desktop app, or vice versa. If you switch between the browser and app, you'll need to adjust your spell check preferences in both places.

## Add words to your personal dictionary

You can add words to your dictionary to prevent them from being flagged by spell check. Your dictionary applies to all files you can edit.

For example, if you add a word to your dictionary in a Figma Design file, spell check will recognize that spelling in your other Figma Design or FigJam files.

**Once a word has been added to your dictionary, it cannot be removed.**

1. Highlight the word you want to add to your dictionary.
2. Right-click and select **Add to dictionary**.
