---
기술지원명: Delete a team
카테고리: 관리
작성자: Figma
승인자: (승인 대기)
출처: Delete a team
출처링크: https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039482174-Delete-a-team
게시일: (승인 대기)
검토일: (승인 대기)
---

## 내용

Before you start

Who can use this feature

Available on any plan

Only the owner of the team or an admin can delete a team

Want to delete your Figma account? Delete your account after cancelling any subscriptions. [Delete your Figma account →](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039826814)

Delete a team to remove the team, including any files and projects within it, for all team members. If you have paid plans, you need to cancel your subscription before you cancel the team.

If you want to keep any files or projects within the team, we recommend you move these files before you delete your team. You can move files to your drafts or move projects to another team.

When you delete the team, Figma will:

- Remove the team for all team members
- Permanently delete any projects (these can't be recovered)
- Send any files to the deleted tab of your account
- Send an email to confirm the team was deleted

**Warning:** Deleting a team will remove team files and projects for all team members. The team owner, or an admin of the team has 28 days to [restore the deleted team](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039965973) before Figma will permanently delete files and projects.

## Delete a Starter or Education team

1. From the file browser, click  **All projects**.
2. Click the  **dropdown menu** next to the team name in the toolbar.
3. Select **Delete...** from the options.
4. Figma will ask you for confirmation. Enter the team name in the field provided and click **Delete team**.

## Delete a team on the Professional plan

You will need to cancel your subscription before you can delete the team. You will still have access to all your files, projects, and team libraries for the remainder of your subscription period.

When your subscription period ends, Figma will downgrade your team to a Starter team. There are some limitations around how many resources you can create and what features you can access. **[Learn more about the Starter plan →](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360040328273s#Starter_plan)**

If you have reached the project, file, or page limit, you won't be able to create any more of those resources.  Files will be locked until you reduce your usage, or upgrade to a paid plan.

We recommend moving or exporting your files and projects before cancelling your subscription.

### Cancel subscription

1. From the file browser, click  **Admin**.
2. Select the **Settings** tab.
3. In the **Plan and billing** section, click the **Cancel plan** option.
4. Enter a reason for cancelling your subscription and click **Continue Cancellation**.
5. Click **Finish Cancellation** to cancel the subscription. Figma will cancel the subscription and return you to the team page.

**Note:** You'll still have access to all your files, projects, and team libraries until your subscription ends and the team is downgraded to a Starter team. You can delete a team at any time after you cancel your subscription.

### Delete the team

1. From the file browser, click  **All projects**.
2. Click the  **dropdown menu** next to the team name in the toolbar.
3. Select **Delete...** from the options.
4. Figma will ask you for confirmation. Enter the team name in the field provided and click **Delete team**.

Figma will remove the team from the file browser for you and your team members. Figma will send files to the **Deleted** tab of your file browser, and delete any projects.

Figma will also send an email to confirm the team was deleted. This email includes a link to restore the team, which will expire 28 days from the time you receive it.

If a team was deleted accidentally, the team owner or any team admin has 28 days to [restore the deleted team](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039965973) before Figma permanently deletes it.

## Delete a team in an organization

Caution: When you delete a team in an organization, Figma will delete the team, as well as all files and projects in that team. This applies for all collaborators, not only you.

The owner of a team, or an admin can restore the deleted team. They will have 28 days to restore the team before Figma will permanently delete any files and projects.

We recommend [moving files and projects to another team](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038511573) first. Alternatively, you can [transfer ownership of the team](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039481134) to another admin or team member.

1. Navigate to the team in the file browser.
2. Click the  **dropdown menu** next to the team name in the toolbar. Select **Delete...** from the options.
3. Enter the name of the team in the field provided and click **Confirm delete**.
4. Figma will delete the team and any files or projects.
